Add the list of changes in APIRule v2 (#1730)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/user/custom-resources/apirule/v2alpha1/04-70-changes-in-apirule-v2.md

By default, the access to the workload from internal traffic is blocked. This approach aligns with Kyma's principle of being "secure by default". In one of the future releases of the API Gateway module, the APIRule CR will contain a new field **internalTraffic** set to `Deny` by default. This field will allow you to permit traffic from the CR. For more information on this topic, see issue [#1632](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/issues/1632).

## CORS Policy Is Not Applied by Default

Version v1beta1 applied the following CORS onfiguration by default:
```yaml
Access-Control-Allow-Origins: "*"
Access-Control-Allow-Methods: "GET,POST,PUT,DELETE,PATCH"
Access-Control-Allow-Headers: "Authorization,Content-Type,*"
```

Versions `v2` and `v2alpha1` do not apply these default values. If the **corsPolicy** field is empty, the CORS configuration is not applied. For more information, see [architecture decision record #752](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/issues/752).

**Required action**: If you want to use default CORS values defined in `v1beta1` APIRule, you must explicitly define them in **corsPolicy** field.

## Path Specification Must Not Contain Regexp

> APIRule v2alpha1 does not support regexp in the **spec.rules.path** field of APIRule CR. Instead, it supports use of the `{*}` and `{**}` operators. See the supported configurations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
APIRule in versions `v2` and `v2alpha1` do not support regexp in the **spec.rules.path** field of APIRule CR. Instead, it supports use of the `{*}` and `{**}` operators. See the supported configurations:
```
